c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Cinema.Admin.dll.config
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Cinema.Admin.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Cinema.Admin.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Cinema.Domain.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Cinema.Infrastrucutre.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Cinema.Services.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Cinema.SharedModels.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Cinema.Domain.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Cinema.Infrastrucutre.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Cinema.Services.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Cinema.SharedModels.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\obj\Debug\Cinema.Admin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\obj\Debug\Cinema.Admin.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\obj\Debug\Cinema.Admin.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\PC\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Cinnema\Cinema.Admin\bin\MvcCheckBoxList.dll
